Refactor color objects and expose default colors as a mode (#1639)
system-ui/theme-ui: packages/docs/src/pages/color-modes.mdx

}
```

> The colors defined at the root of the `colors` object will be accessible as

Reviewer: > The colors defined at the root of the `colors` object will be accessible as `default`.

I know this sentence was already here, but does it really make sense?

> The colors defined at the root of the `colors` object will be accessible as

Reviewer: I know this paragraph was already here, but does it really make sense?

`default`. All colors found in `colors.modes` will be referenced by their key.
The above example will have two modes: `default` and `dark`.

## Colors Object

The `colors` object contains Custom CSS Properties

```js
{
  colors: {
    text: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-text)',
    background: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-background)',
    primary: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-primary)',
  }
}
```

## rawColors Object

If you need to pass original value somewhere where CSS Properties (e.g. WebGL
Canvas) won't work, use `rawColors`

```js
{
  rawColors: {
    text: '#000',
    background: '#fff',
    primary: '#07c',
  }
}
```

## Default colors

> The default colors are tranformed upon `colorMode` change. This allows for the

Reviewer: I'm kinda skeptical towards the phrase "default colors" as it can be confused with `primary.__default`. Could we say "initial color mode"?

Reviewer: @lachlanjc what do you think about it?

> use the "current" colors. `theme.colors.primary` returns the primary key of the

Reviewer: > This allows for the use the "current" colors.

_of_ current colors?

    text: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-text)',
    background: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-background)',
    primary: 'var(--theme-ui-colors-primary)',
  }
}
```

## rawColors Object

If you need to pass original value somewhere where CSS Properties (e.g. WebGL
Canvas) won't work, use `rawColors`

```js
{
  rawColors: {
    text: '#000',
    background: '#fff',
    primary: '#07c',
  }
}
```

## Default colors

The default colors are tranformed upon `colorMode` change. This allows for the
use the "current" colors. `theme.colors.primary` returns the primary key of the
current mode.

We also add those default colors inside `rawColors.modes` under the `__default`
key (or `initialColorModeName` value, if it is defined).

```js
{
  initialColorModeName: 'light',
  rawColors: {
    primary: '#07c',
    modes: {
      // __default: {}, initialColorModeName is defined
      light: { primary: '#07c' },
      dark: { primary: '#0cf' }
    }
  }
}
```

### Use specific modes

#### With the `sx` prop

```jsx
export default (props) => (
  <div
    sx={(theme) => ({
      color: theme.rawColors.modes?.dark?.text
      bg: theme.rawColors.modes?.dark?.bg
    })}
  />
)

```

#### With Theme UI context

> Use the `useThemeUI` hook to access the context object directly in a component.

Reviewer 2: Let's link the hook name to: https://theme-ui.com/hooks#usethemeui

Author: Good idea, I linked both `useThemeUI ` & `useColorMode`

```jsx
import { useThemeUI } from 'theme-ui'

export default (props) => {
  const context = useColorMode(null)
  const { setColorMode } = context
  const { rawColors: colors } = context.theme

>   return Object.entries(colors?.modes).map(([mode, values]) => ({

Reviewer 2: I think this code is a bit confusing, especially in renaming `rawColors` to `colors` when this section is differentiating them. It also should be the `useThemeUI` hook here, right? Let's do this:
```js
  const { theme: { rawColors }, setColorMode } = useThemeUI()

  return Object.entries(rawColors?.modes).map(([mode, values]) => ({
```

Author: Good catch, it was copy-paste accident!

    <Button
      sx={{ bg: values.background, color: values.text }}
      onClick={() => setColorMode(mode)}
    >
      {mode}
    </Button>
  }))
}

// OUTPUT

<Button>light</Button>
<Button>dark</Button>
<Button>deep</Button>
// ...
```

<Note>

> For more info, [see the migration guide](/migrating/#breaking-changes)

Reviewer 2: Let's update with a specific section, so that this line doesn't become out of date

Author: I removed the note completely, the info on the page should be sufficient.

And I think that updating the docs with the content of the migration guide should be a PR of its own.

}
```

All colors found in `colors.modes` will be referenced by their key in the
context object `rawColors.modes`. The above example will have two modes: `light`
and `dark`.

## Initial colors

> The colors defined at the root of the `colors` are tranformed upon `colorMode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The colors defined at the root of the `colors` are swapped out whenever the color mode changes
```

}
```

All colors found in `colors.modes` will be referenced by their key in the
context object `rawColors.modes`. The above example will have two modes: `light`
and `dark`.

## Initial colors

The colors defined at the root of the `colors` are tranformed upon `colorMode`
change. This is to allow for reference like `theme.colors.primary` to return:

- `colors.primary`, when the color mode is set to its initial mode
- `colors.modes.dark.primary`, when the color mode is set to `dark`

Because of this, we store those initial colors with the other modes. They will
be accessible as

- `rawColors.modes.__default` (if `initialColorModeName` is undefined)
- `rawColors.modes.light` (using the value of `initialColorModeName`).

```js
{
  initialColorModeName: 'light',
  rawColors: {
    primary: '#07c',
    modes: {

>       // __default: {}, initialColorModeName is defined

Reviewer: What do you think about

>  // no '__default' here as initialColorModeName is defined

Or did I understand it wrong?

Author: Nope, thats right! It was not super clear
